# Introduction
## Product Summary
Our product that we have chosen to write up documentation for is Blender. Blender is a free and open source 3D creation suite. Blender supports the entirety of 3D creation. This includes modeling, rigging, animation, simulation, rendering, composition, motion tracking and video editing. Blender is a very powerful tool that is commonly used for 3D structure modeling and game animation and resource creation. 

## Audience
The audience we have chosen to write for are developers and designers that have some experience with using blender. These people would have experience navigating Blender and would be comfortable with the user interface prior to reading the documentation. This approach of an audience is appropriate for the assignment because there is so much documentation for blender out there already that is very good at getting a new user started up. We have links throughout our documentation for if there does end up being a person that is new to Blender. These links will take the person to the official blender tutorials for the user interface and other needed pre-requisite tutorials.

Having an audience that has some experience with the product to begin with allows us to jump into instructions quicker without having to specify every single tiny detail. Using when we instruct the user on importing or exporting an object or file as an example. Instead of instructing the user all the way through the process of navigating their personal files to find the directory that they are going to be using for an export, or finding where the file is that they want to import. We were able to lump all that together into a short sentence of,  “Navigate to the location of the file you want to import…” This allows us to include more of the technical details and information around the functions we were documenting.

Another way that targeting an audience that has experience with the product affected the way we wrote our functions is that we included some overall details in a summary of when you would use a function or what the function is used for in industry, etc. These summaries would be better read by someone who is using the software as they rely on some background knowledge and information that would be acquired from working with the software before.

Having an audience that was using the software already also allowed our images to be more product oriented. Someone who was brand new to the software would most likely have to take much longer scanning their screen looking for the locations of where our screenshots are taken from. A more experienced user would see one of the images attached and know exactly where, or around where that image was clipped from. This would allow a more advanced user the ability to scan the images to see the rough process they will be following for a given function.
